Mom
Make trouble, you say I'm making trouble when I go home
Who is your biological daughter?
How is the biological daughter?
The biological daughter committed a crime
I will also kill my relatives righteously
Xunmei is gentle and virtuous
kind and generous
Even an adopted daughter
A hundred times stronger than you, okay?
Mom, your good foster mother
Repairing gauze was my Wolong room 9 years ago
5 years ago Manufacturing Garage
Put me in jail
I'm going to pay people in prison to assassinate me
Now you still think she is gentle and kind
doctor
Hyun? Shut up
How dare you talk nonsense here?
Mom, you are so unreasonable
Luo Xuemei hasn't said anything yet
You say I'm unreasonable
I doubt you more now
Am I your biological daughter?
Sister, just frame me
How can you talk to your mother like that?
She's doing it for you too
Good for me
Yang Yunsong collects their hair
I want to do a paternity test
I'd like to see it
Who is my biological daughter?
It's the eldest sister
Let go of my unfilial daughter
Why did my Lu family have such an unfilial daughter like you?